c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.pdb
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.xap
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\SilverlightApplication1TestPage.html
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.dll
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\SilverlightApplication1.pdb
c:\users\rosipyan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SilverlightApplication1\SilverlightApplication1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
